now Israel and Hamas have agreed a
several three-day pauses in fighting to
allow the vaccinations of more than
600,000 children in Gaza against polio
it's been confirmed a baby has
contracted the disease the first in the
Palestinian territory for a quarter of a
century Lucy Williamson has the very
latest born a month before the Gaza War
Began Abdul Rahman has played a role in
pausing it something world leaders have
struggled to do earlier this month Abdul
Rahman was diagnosed with polio the
first case in Gaza for 25
years the family nine children in all
live in a camp in central Gaza displaced
multiple times from their home in the
north the constant moving disrupted his
vaccinations his mother says others in
the camp are afraid and stop their
children playing with
him the virus stopped his progress he
stopped sitting stopped walking stopped
crawling and stopped moving I want him
to be treated he wants to live and walk
like other children Abdul rahman's
diagnosis has raised fresh alarm over
conditions in gaza's camps the phased PA
in fighting will allow Medics to
vaccinate more than half a million
children in stages across the territory
but the conditions that caused this
crisis are worsening say Aid
organizations and there Solutions are
not straightforward due to the
insecurity the damage the road
infrastructure and and population
displacement but also based on on our
experience with this kind of campaigns
uh globally and worldwide the three days
might not be enough to to achieve
adequate
vaccination Israel's prime minister was
clear that this was not a ceasefire the
war has so far been resistant to both
diplomacy and disease but preventing
another layer of tragedy is seen as one
small victory what the eu's foreign
policy chief called a drop of Hope in a
sea of
Despair Lucy Williamson BBC News Janine